Personas

Trevor Chadhogan is an American in Glasgow on a business trip. He likes chippies, since he can rarely find them back home. He also strongly dislikes spicy food, so he wants to avoid that as much as possible. He is 26 years old.

Mandy Urray is a 22 year old student who was born in Glasgow. She likes tennis and working hard. She likes Italian food, and often wants to plan to go to Italian restaurants after finishing a tennis match.

Maceij Vytotsky is a Russian immigrant who only likes to eat Eastern-European food when he goes out to eat, which can be difficult to find in Glasgow. He likes DOTA, and listening to old folk songs. He is 54 years old, and works as a fisherman, so he often isn't able to plan to eat while working.


Scenarios

Trevor just got out of his business meeting and is hungry. He opens the app, drags 'chippie' to desirable and 'spicy' to undesirable. The website automatically takes his location and returns hexagons representing chippies near him, but not ones that are known for their spicy food. He clicks on a high-rated one and opens the map from his current location to the restaurant.

Mandy Urray knows she will be hungry after her tennis match on courts near the Kelvingrove park. She opens the website in the morning, entering her preferences (italian) as well as the location of her tennis match. She won't want to go to a nice restaurant all sweaty after a hard tennis match, so she enters 'cheap' as well. The website gives her multiple options for cheap italian restaurants and takeouts near the tennis courts.

Maceij Vytotsky is tired from a long day of fishing and can't be bothered cooking himself dinner. He opens the app, and being an old russian national, drags several types of foreign cuizine to the undesirable section of the pinboard. He is in the mood for something nice, so he enters the keyword 'nice' as well as 'russian' and 'eastern european' in the upper right corner of the pinboard. Hexagons for Russian Restaurants near him appear and he chooses a nice cafe.
